add EU support for Java profiling (#7161)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/profiling/_index.md

    wget -O dd-java-agent.jar 'https://repository.sonatype.org/service/local/artifact/maven/redirect?r=central-proxy&g=com.datadoghq&a=dd-java-agent&v=LATEST'
    ```

>      **Note**: Profiling is available in the `dd-java-agent.jar` library in version 0.44+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     **Note**: Profiling is available in the `dd-java-agent.jar` library in versions 0.44+.
```

2. Update your service invocation to look like:

    ```text
    java -javaagent:dd-java-agent.jar -Ddd.profiling.enabled=true -Ddd.profiling.api-key-file=<API_KEY_FILE> -jar <YOUR_SERVICE>.jar <YOUR_SERVICE_FLAGS>
    ```

>     **Note**: If you are on our EU site, please add `-Ddd.site=datadoghq.eu` or set `DD_SITE` in environment variables. This option is available in the `dd-java-agent.jar` library in version 0.48+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **Note**: With `dd-java-agent.jar` library versions 0.48+, if your organization is on Datadog EU site, add `-Ddd.site=datadoghq.eu` or set `DD_SITE=datadoghq.eu` as environment variable.
```

| `-Ddd.profiling.enabled`      | DD_PROFILING_ENABLED      | Set to `true` to enable profiling.                |
| `-Ddd.profiling.api-key-file` | DD_PROFILING_API_KEY_FILE | File that should contain the API key as a string. |
|                               | DD_PROFILING_API_KEY      | Datadog API key.                                  |

> | `-Ddd.site`                   | DD_SITE                   | Destination site for your profiles. Valid options are datadoghq.com for the Datadog US site (default), and datadoghq.eu for the Datadog EU site. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-Ddd.site`                   | DD_SITE                   | Destination site for your profiles (versions 0.48+). Valid options are `datadoghq.com` for Datadog US site (default), and `datadoghq.eu` for the Datadog EU site. |
```
